Sharing some learnings in this PR (#14)
amilajack/project-checklist: README.md

* Recommendations
  * A value proposition can have multiple propositions

>   * [Writing down a market positioning statement](http://blog.ecornell.com/how-to-write-market-positioning-statements/) or statements can help with clarity, business goals, marketing and more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [Figure out who your target audience is](http://blog.ecornell.com/how-to-write-market-positioning-statements/)
```

    * Flow’s is yellow and gray
    * Make sure your docs and website follow this color theme
- [x] Further reading
  * If you want to learn more about marketing, see [LisaDziuba/Marketing-for-Engineers](https://github.com/LisaDziuba/Marketing-for-Engineers) and/or reach out to some open source marketing leaders such as [@kamcmahon](https://twitter.com/kamcmahon). [@jenlankford](https://twitter.com/jenlankford), [@amanda_katona](https://twitter.com/amanda_katona), [@FunnelFiasco](https://twitter.com/funnelfiasco) or [@Jen_L_Gray](https://twitter.com/jen_l_gray).

> ## ✈️ Entry Barriers

Reviewer: I think we should change the title to `Onboarding Users`. The overall section intent of the section is to convey that.

  * [Figma](http://figma.com), a vector graphics editor, gained users by allowing [Sketch](http://sketchapp.com) users to import Sketch files into Figma
  * [Laravel](http://laravel.com) onboarded many [Rails](https://rubyonrails.org) users by providing terminology and conventions that were similar to [Rails](https://rubyonrails.org)

> In general, you can't expect your users to _engage_ in your project if the barriers are as high for them as they were for you as the original developer. Here are some additional ideas:

Reviewer: > _engage_

This is usually a term that is common among non-technical people. Can we change this to a word that is more commonly used? How about `use`?

  - [x] If web related, submit to [dev.to](https://dev.to)
  - [x] Post on [twitter](https://twitter.com) and upload images of project
  - [x] Post to corresponding reddit programming language community [/r/javascript](https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript), [/r/python](https://www.reddit.com/r/python), etc
  - [x] When appropriate, consider [talking about your project publicly](https://github.com/vmbrasseur/Public_Speaking)
    - [x] Review the [Writing and performing a great conference presentation](https://archive.org/details/dodseattle2019-presentation-training) talk

* Specific for Apps / Products
  - [x] Submit project to [Product Hunt](https://www.producthunt.com)

To maintain communication with existing users, use a newsletter. Consider using [mailchimp](https://mailchimp.com) for this. Be aware that once communication becomes more fluid, you might create support expectations so it becomes critical to [understand open source support systems](https://nadiaeghbal.com/user-support).

> ## 🤑 Business model

Reviewer: I think we should leave the title as `Funding`. I think the term `Business Model` may make people think that we are suggesting they treat their project like a business, which isn't our intent (maybe we can create a different set of advice for people who want to do that).

  - [x] Post on [twitter](https://twitter.com) and upload images of project
  - [x] Post to corresponding reddit programming language community [/r/javascript](https://www.reddit.com/r/javascript), [/r/python](https://www.reddit.com/r/python), etc
  - [x] When appropriate, consider [talking about your project publicly](https://github.com/vmbrasseur/Public_Speaking)

>     - [x] Review the [Writing and performing a great conference presentation](https://archive.org/details/dodseattle2019-presentation-training) talk

Reviewer: I think we should add videos and lengthy readings to another section. Can you please add this to a new file called `Resources.md` with the following titles: `Talks` and `Readings` as h2 headers.
